Add Create annotations in panel video to the documentation (#86383)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/dashboards/build-dashboards/annotate-visualizations/index.md

- The dashboard must already be saved.
- The built-in query must be enabled. Learn more in [Built-in query](#built-in-query).

> Check out the video below for a quick tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Watch the following video for a quick tutorial on creating annotations:
```
